add examples in tiflash docs (#12042)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-supported-pushdown-calculations.md

    * SECOND

If a query encounters unsupported push-down calculations, TiDB needs to complete the remaining calculations, which might greatly affect the TiFlash acceleration effect. The currently unsupported operators and expressions might be supported in future versions.

## Examples

> This section illustrates operator and expression pushdown to TiFlash through some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides some examples of pushing down operators and expressions to TiFlash.
```

### Example 1: Push operators down to TiFlash

```sql
CREATE TABLE t(id INT PRIMARY KEY, a INT);
ALTER TABLE t SET TIFLASH REPLICA 1;

EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM t LIMIT 3;

+------------------------------+---------+--------------+---------------+--------------------------------+
| id                           | estRows | task         | access object | operator info                  |
+------------------------------+---------+--------------+---------------+--------------------------------+
| Limit_9                      | 3.00    | root         |               | offset:0, count:3              |
| └─TableReader_17             | 3.00    | root         |               | data:ExchangeSender_16         |
|   └─ExchangeSender_16        | 3.00    | mpp[tiflash] |               | ExchangeType: PassThrough      |
|     └─Limit_15               | 3.00    | mpp[tiflash] |               | offset:0, count:3              |
|       └─TableFullScan_14     | 3.00    | mpp[tiflash] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
+------------------------------+---------+--------------+---------------+--------------------------------+
5 rows in set (0.18 sec)
```

> In the preceding example, the operator `Limit` is pushed down to TiFlash for filtering data, which helps reduce network traffic and network overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, the operator `Limit` is pushed down to TiFlash for filtering data, which helps reduce the amount of data to be transferred over the network and reduce the network overhead.
```

|   └─Projection_39                  | 4.80    | mpp[tiflash] |               | Column#3                                                                  |
|     └─HashAgg_37                   | 4.80    | mpp[tiflash] |               | group by:Column#9, funcs:max(Column#8)->Column#3                          |
|       └─Projection_46              | 6.00    | mpp[tiflash] |               | plus(test.t.id, test.t.a)->Column#8, test.t.a                             |
|         └─ExchangeReceiver_23      | 6.00    | mpp[tiflash] |               |                                                                           |
|           └─ExchangeSender_22      | 6.00    | mpp[tiflash] |               | ExchangeType: HashPartition, Hash Cols: [name: test.t.a, collate: binary] |
|             └─TableFullScan_21     | 6.00    | mpp[tiflash] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo                                            |
+------------------------------------+---------+--------------+---------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
8 rows in set (0.18 sec)
```

> In the preceding example, the expression `id + a` is pushed down to TiFlash for calculation in advance. This helps reduce the amount of data transferred over the network, and thus reduce the network transmission overhead, and improve the overall calculation performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, the expression `id + a` is pushed down to TiFlash for calculation in advance. This helps reduce the amount of data to be transferred over the network, thus reducing the network transmission overhead and improving the overall calculation performance.
```

> ### Example 3: Pushdown restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 3: Restrictions for pushdown
```

```sql
SHOW WARNINGS;

+---------+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Level   | Code | Message                                                                                                                            |
+---------+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Warning | 1105 | Scalar function 'time'(signature: Time, return type: time) is not supported to push down to storage layer now.                     |
| Warning | 1105 | Scalar function 'cast'(signature: CastDurationAsString, return type: var_string(10)) is not supported to push down to tiflash now. |
| Warning | 1105 | Scalar function 'cast'(signature: CastDurationAsString, return type: var_string(10)) is not supported to push down to tiflash now. |
+---------+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
3 rows in set (0.18 sec)
```

> The expressions in the preceding example cannot be completely pushed down to TiFlash, because the functions `Time`and `Cast` cannot be pushed down to TiFlash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expressions in the preceding example cannot be completely pushed down to TiFlash, because the functions `Time` and `Cast` cannot be pushed down to TiFlash.
```
